Fork and clone this repository, Follow the instructions below(work closely with the terraform documentation) and complete the missing parts.

Deploy each resource at a time, by performing “terraform apply” to the “modules/main.tf” file.
  
Note that:
 You might need to add data-sources, terraform-settings, variables, tfvars, etc.. along the way.
 Everything that can be stored in a Variable, must be in a Variable and not be written  
 hard-coded. For sensitive variables like passowrds, use '.tfvars' file

1. Configure S3 backend for the modules/main.tf file

2. Complete the security-group(aws_security_group) for your application:
    a. The security-group should be connected to your VPC
    b. The security-group should allow incoming traffic from everywhere to your application port.  

3. Complete the data-source cloudconfig template-file variables.

4. Create a security-group for an ELB 
    a. The security-group should be connected to your VPC.
    b. The security-group should allow incoming traffic from port 80
    c. The security-group should allow any outgoing traffic from the instance.

5. Create an ELB:
    a. The ELB port should be 8080
    a. The ELB should be created with the ELB security-group
    b. The ELB should be created with an health-check

6. Complete the aws_launch_configuration source:
    a. The argument-reference ‘key_name’ should be the name of your key-pair
    b. make sure to specify the free-tier instance type

7. Create an auto-scaling group:
	a. The name of the launch configuration should be the one that was just created (obviously..)
	b. The name of the load-balancer should be one of the provided "load_balancers"
	c. The vpc_zone_identifier should include the public subnets
	d. add a tag => key="Name", value="<your-cluster-name>"
	e. complete the remaining properties

8. Modify the relevent component to allow access to your application from the ELB only

9. Create a security-group for the RDS database

10. Create an RDS database

11. Create an S3 bucket (where you will deploy your compressed application later)

12. Destroy it all